Update Lighhouse architecture. (#100)
submariner-io/lighthouse: README.md

![Lighthouse Architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/master/docs/img/architecture.png)

## Lighthouse Agent

> The Lighthouse Agent runs in every cluster and it has access to the Kubernetes api-server running in the broker. It creates a lighthouse crd for each service and sync the CRD with broker. It also retrieves the information about services running in another cluster from the broker and creates a lighthouse CRD locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lighthouse Agent runs in every cluster and accesses the Kubernetes API server running in the broker cluster to exchange service metadata information with other clusters. Local service information is exported to the broker and service information from other clusters is imported. 
```

> The lighthouse agent will get updated, whenever a new lighthouse CRD is created or deleted in the broker.

Reviewer: Remove this line.

### WorkFlow
The workflow is as follows,

> - Lighthouse agent connects to the kube-api-server of the broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lighthouse agent connects to the broker's K8s API server.
```

> - It creates Lighthouse CRD for every service in the local cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It creates MultiClusterService CR for every service in the local cluster.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For every service in the local cluster, it creates a corresponding MultiClusterService resource and exports it to the broker to be consumed by other clusters.
```

> - It syncs the Lighthouse CRD to and from the broker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It syncs the  MultiClusterService CR to and from the broker.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For every MultiClusterService resource in the broker exported from another concert, it creates a copy of it in the local cluster.
```

> ![Lighthouse Controller WorkFlow](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/master/docs/img/controllerWorkFlow.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Lighthouse Agent WorkFlow](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/master/docs/img/controllerWorkFlow.png)
```

## Lighthouse Plugin

> Lighthouse can be installed as an external plugin for CoreDNS, and will work along with the default Kubernetes plugin. It uses the Lighthouse CRD that is created by the lighthouse agent for DNS resolution. The below diagram indicates a high-level architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lighthouse can be installed as an external plugin for CoreDNS, and will work along with the default Kubernetes plugin. It uses the MultiClusterService resource that is created by the lighthouse agent for DNS resolution. The below diagram indicates a high-level architecture.
```
